what is up youtube it's your girl evelyn
and
i am back with the series finale recap
of wynonna er
this video will also kind of recap
episodes 10
and 11 as well so sit back enjoy the
video
and as always there will be spoilers so
proceed with caution
in episodes 10 and 11 we get vampire
mercedes
a ton of deuce-ex machinas and a
character death
okay fine it's just casey our sweet
angel baby waverly gets kidnapped
by jolene you guys remember jolene
waverly's
literal evil demon twin who was killed
by some vines in season three
except now she's not dead because the
plot needs her jolene
physically and mentally tortures waverly
until waverly's dark angel side shows up
and kills jolene black badge who's been
diligently working on trying to stop the
fog from spreading
has given up on trying to stop the fog
from spreading and instead
decides to noah's ark all of the demons
and some of the humans
which is how most of the gang and wolf
man
ends up in bbd custody my girl mercedes
gets shot
so doc turns her into a vampire to save
her life and together they combine their
super vampire strength to break out
wynonna forces cleo and reaper billy to
help her save waverly from jolene
but we already know that didn't work out
so cleo uses the opportunity
and rachel to unread billy which
definitely seems like something she
could have tried before now
but cleo then kidnaps rachel to lure
wynonna to the clan junkyard
for a very stupid reason
[Music]
remember when waverly was forced to
choose a book in the garden
turns out she chose her own book treat
yourself
dark angel waverly wants the book for
whatever reason
and she gets it because dark angel
waverly gets [ __ ] done
by the end of episode 11 things are
basically fine
the gang and wolf man frees all the
demons from bbd custody
duck gets cured of his vampirism by dark
angel waverly
the clan stuff just kind of works itself
out and nicole's love stops dark angel
waverly from returning to the garden
well that and nicole volunteering to
become guardian over the entire ghost
river triangle
for the rest of her life and now it's
wedding time
the series finale starts with a
flashback to 1968.
a bloody bride with an axe has just
brutally murdered
everyone at her wedding and tops it off
by brutally murdering
herself were then transported back to
the present where waverly has just
received her wedding dress
which looks kind of familiar while the
gang turned the yard into pier 1
wynonna decides to try on waverly's
wedding dress because
she has no boundaries but after she puts
it on she can't get it off
so she runs away before anyone can see
her and the dress
which is clearly evil leaves a trail of
destruction in its weight
wynonna hits up doc for help and after
some light flirting to foreshadow them
getting back together
they head to the dressmaker shop at
percy's vintage they meet
possibly the strangest character in the
history of winona earth
which is saying a lot the creepy dress
shop owner
mrs h tells them that she needs a
silkworm to get the dress off
and neither doc nor winona find that to
be weird at all
and go off in search of one meanwhile
back at the homestead
waverly notices her dress is missing and
a bunch of wedding stuff
has been trashed so she and nicole set
up one of those boards they like to use
on the show
and seconds later they know everything
they need to know
shockingly back in the day mrs h was
left at the altar
so she killed everyone at her wedding
and i guess her dress got haunted with
her evilness
as a reward for figuring it out nicole
and waverly have sex
with the door open at this point i think
it's safe to assume
that's just their kink elsewhere in
purgatory while doc is searching for
silkworms
wynonna finds a letter in his jacket
pocket turns out
doc is planning to leave purgatory
because purgatory
is purgatory wynonna feels some type of
way
that is until doc tells wynonna he wants
her
to come with him but our girl has some
major trust issues
and intimacy issues not to mention her
severe alcoholism that the show keeps
glossing over
anyway she tells him no somehow everyone
ends up
back at cursey's and waverly wraps mrs h
in a silk banner and uses a removal
spell to get the dress
off of wynonna and now it's wedding time
waverly decides to wear their mother's
wedding dress
which she definitely should have done to
begin with
speaking of michelle turns out she's in
turkey the country
having lots and lots of sex which is
definitely something that we needed to
know
nedley walks a suited up daddy down the
aisle and after four long seasons
way hot finally tie the knot
after the ceremony doc leaves and
everyone yells at wynonna to go after
him
and she does in the most dramatic way
possible
by shooting out his tires for no reason
at all
she then finally admits what we've known
all along
well at least since dolls died and she
had to settle for doc that's true
and that's pretty much it wynonna and
doc briefly mentioned stopping to
see their baby and the show fittingly
ends with way hot
that's it for the recap hope you enjoyed
the video and i'll see you next time